all right today we're going to be going
over how to install MSD two-step launch
controller for pretty much every LS EFI
based engine out there
well I'm showing you this I'm going to
elaborate on how to install a shift like
pack or aftermarket AK if you will see
how I already have kind of torn apart
for that to be looked into and kind of
show you the basics over that as well so
getting started the hardest part I guess
for this MSD two-step controller is to
find out where you want to mount it
because it is very plug-and-play it's
very simple now I chose to mount mine
over here on the passenger side of the
vehicle some people like to mount
there's over there on the driver side of
the vehicle to each of their own I chose
over here okay so let's get started
now there big long wire here that's
going to obviously come out of the two
step I you're gonna run it through over
here plug it in to your actual coil
packs on both sides now the one side
you're gonna come on over here unplug
your factory connector that goes into
your coil pack plug in the MSD I've take
the factory wire that plugs typically
into your coil pack plug it into the MSD
to step very simple you're going to do
that on the driver's side as well now
this is where I guess people to
typically get kind of confused on how to
have it activate and what wire to use
and what to do now you're gonna have two
wires coming out of here the solid blue
wire here what this pig connector here
is a ground source to activate your
two-step now however I am NOT going to
use the ground so I tuck it up under
here and kind of hide the wire I'm using
the white and blue wire which is a 12
volt source to activate my two-step and
so it's going to come with the connector
here with a solid blue wire to run your
source for now I've had some excess wire
left over because I chose to mount
mine on the passenger side here as well
as I guess some people like to mount
there's the clutch switch up under there
- and run it through the firewall which
I choose not to because it's kind of
more work than needed and I've figured
out of a much easier way of doing this
now I run this source wire here up into
my factory harness here one to protect
the wire two to give a clean look now I
urge it up into here up and over and
into the top half of your ECU here
you're gonna want to go into number 32
now there's some small numbers you
probably really can't see but they're
right here number 32 is a great source
wire okay now you're gonna want to be
careful because there is many gray
source wires that come out at the top
half of this so I what I do is I peel
away this harness here find 32 and I'm
wiggle it around to make sure it's
moving down there as you can tell out of
32 okay now I cut and splice open the
wire peel back the wire here feeding my
source wires solder it in heat shrink it
you're good to go okay
that's pretty much the install of the
MSD and then you can just activate it
and off the left side here is for your
RPMs by the thousands and then off to
the right side is a knob - dialing by
hundreds pretty simple so while I got
this torn apart I'm going to go over how
to install I'm an aftermarket tack you
know on attack you're gonna have a green
wire a white wire a black wire and a red
wire your green wire is your source wire
okay those are your main wires now your
green source wire you're going to run
into the bottom side of the ECU over
here in number ten it's a white wire
that comes out and I'll be careful
because there is many white wires as
there was gray wires up in here so once
again you're going to want to make sure
it is number ten and that you're tapping
into and do the same thing till the wire
back solder it heat shrink it and you're
good to go now this is a black wire
we talked about a green wire however my
factory tag didn't have long enough
green wire to reach Clarinda here so I
had to splice in this black wire this
essentially is a tent attached to the
green wire that comes off your tack okay
now how you want to run that has up to
you I've got mine obviously I'm not
gonna go into detail how that's all ran
because that's gonna take forever
that's the mean set up a how you're
gonna install that now I can elaborate a
little bit more on how to hook up the
tack now in this heater vent here is the
white wire I was also talking about that
will come out of your tack you can also
see the red and the black black is
ground the red is so you're just gonna
ground that out your red wire I have
hooked to my ignition so it comes on
when the key is an accessory now your
white wire here just tap it right into
here so when you actually turn your
lights on and actually illuminates the
tack so pretty simple and basic on the
tack as well now on the LS engines the
way there ignition setup is you have to
actually run it I believe is what they
call it as a 4-cylinder because of the
way they run it now I don't if you can
see but you have to cut that wire you
have to loop wires let me see if I can
get a better angle of it through the
back here you have two looped wires that
come out here the back of your tack a
brown wire and a blue wire brown wire is
over there as you can tell the blue wire
is right there you snip that in half
okay that way cuz if you leave it hooked
up it's it's gonna throw your tack
reading off okay so leave the brown wire
just the way it's supposed to be you
don't do anything with it the blue wire
there you're gonna snip so pretty
that's logistics of how to do it let's
fire it up and I'll kind of let you hear
the two-step how that works